Major updates 🤠 (#196)
infinum/wordpress-handbook: How we do it in WordPress/Optimizations.md

For more information about WP_Query, check the [WP_Query documentation](/how-we-do-it-in-wordpress/coding-standards/php-coding-standards/optimizations).

### 4. Optimizing the database queries.

When writing custom database queries, you should always optimize the queries to load only the data needed and implement caching for the queries.

For more information about database queries, check the [Database queries documentation](https://developer.wordpress.org/reference/classes/wp_object_cache/).

### 5. Use Query Monitor to optimize the queries and profiling.

Always use Query Monitor to check what is happening with the queries and profiling and also to troubleshoot any issues with the queries.

### 6. Setup caching for the project.

For none AWS projects we use WP Rocket plugin for caching, and for AWS projects we use CloudFront in combination with Eightshift Utils plugin for caching.

### 7. Run Lighthouse and PageSpeed Insights tests.

You should always run Lighthouse and PageSpeed Insights tests to check the performance of the website.

> For more information check the [Testing and analyzing](/how-we-do-it-in-wordpress/optimizations/testing-and-analyzing) documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information check the [Testing and analyzing](/website-optimization/testing-and-analyzing) documentation.
```

Author: fixed
